[Rudeus panting]
[panting]
[RUDEUS] So how we feeling
about the run today, boys?
Tindalos? Baskerville?
[chuckles]
Oh, is that so?
Yeah, good job, boys.
[RUDEUS] It's been a few months
since I arrived in Rosenburg.
I've been working
with different parties
as a mercenary,
helping out on their jobs
and trying to build
a good reputation
among the townsfolk
and adventurers.
[grunts]
The idea is to get
popular enough
that word about me
reaches Zenith,
wherever she is.
Okay, only like a hundred left
to go!
Come on, Heracles! Hulk!
[Rudeus sighs]
[door creaking]
[SOLDAT]
Listen up!
Stepped Leader is taking
this S-ranked extermination job!
We'll clear
the Snow Drake infestation
out of Ilbron Cave in no time!
And we'll set out immediately!
[PARTY MEMBERS]
Yeah!
Hope the rest of you are ready
to marvel at our greatness
when we return!
[Footsteps]
[door creaking]
Hm? Hey, Quagmire,
thanks again for the other day!
Oh, no,
I should be thanking you.
We're leaving town today,
Quagmire,
but I'll be sure to send word
if I hear anything
about your mother out there,
-all right?
-[RUDEUS] Oh, thank you.
Please do.
[RUDEUS]
Looks like all my hard work
is starting to pay off,
because Rudeus Greyrat
now has quite the reputation
-in this town!
-I’ll take this one.
Although more people do know me
by my nickname, Quagmire,
than my real one.
Making a name for yourself
in one town
takes a few months to a year.
It feels like
a hell of a long time,
but, right now,
it's the best plan I have.
Isn't that right, Master Roxy?
Huh?
[RUDEUS]
I'm Rudeus Greyrat.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
[CLIENT 202A]
You that famous "Quagmire" guy?
I don't know
if I'm all that famous, but yes.
Well, then get to work,
celebrity.
[RUDEUS]
Yes, sir.
Good boys! Way to go!
Oh?
On your way home?
[RUDEUS]
Yes, I just finished a job,
so I'll report it
and head back to the inn.
[Sara grunts]
Well, we were just about
to pick out a new job ourselves.
You want to join us?
Yeah, I...
[RUDEUS] I met Counter Arrow
as soon as I got here,
and I've worked
with them a lot since.
Teaming up with one party
over and over
doesn't do much for my goal,
but it's hard to turn them down.
Uh, when would you guys
be heading out?
Oh, my God,
if you're not interested,
then just say no.
It's not like we're desperate.
Sorry about that.
I'm just indecisive.
[Sara sighs]
You're sorry about everything.
It's kind of pathetic.
[SUZANNE]
Sara, that's enough.
Whatever.
So? What do you think?
You coming?
-I am! I appreciate the invite.
-[SUZANNE] Well then,
let's get in there
and find a job, shall we?
[water rushing]
[all oohing]
[TIMOTHY] The Galgau Ruins were
originally built as a fortress
during the First
Human-Demon War.
[RUDEUS]
Wow.
[RUDEUS] I saw
some pretty cool structures
on the Demon Continent,
but nothing quite like this.
Don't just stand there staring.
[RUDEUS]
Oh, sorry. I'm coming.
[SARA]
Do you like architecture?
[RUDEUS]
Not especially.
I just haven't seen many places
this impressive before,
you know?
Oh.
[both gasp]
Ah.
Hey, watch your hands, creep!
[RUDEUS]
I thought I was.
[Sara grunts]
Sorry about that.
[SUZANNE]
This must be the place.
[all oohing]
[RUDEUS]
All we're here to do
is collect a bunch
of these fancy scales,
and they're just lying around
everywhere.
Pretty easy for an A-class job.
[SUZANNE] This
is still Snow Drake territory,
so stay alert.
Don't go past that statue.
[PATRICE, MIMIR]
Got it!
[RUDEUS] Actually fighting
the Snow Drakes would suck,
but they only use this passage
to get from place to place,
so we can just hide
if any of them show up, but...
[RUDEUS]
It's a little too quiet.
You know,
that buxom babe statue
kind of reminds me of...
Talk about taking
artistic license.
[growling]
What was that?
I've got a bad feeling
about this.
[growling]
[Sara grunts]
[roaring]
[gasps] We're under attack!
-[roars]
-[RUDEUS] Run!
Why does this keep happening?
[grunts]
[rumbling]
[panting]
[Rudeus grunts]
[rumbling]
[roars]
[grunts]
Guys-- Oh.
[sighs]
[roars]
[Sara grunts]
[yelping]
May this smoldering spark
call forth
a great and searing blessing!
Flamethrower!
[blazing]
[SUZANNE]
Let's go, Patrice!
[PATRICE]
On it!
[grunting]
These things aren't after us,
just hit the ones
charging towards us
-and knock them off course!
-Gotcha!
[SUZANNE]
Coming in from the left!
[gasps]
[sighs]
Don't just stand around!
You're in this fight, too,
moron!
[RUDEUS]
Right!
[explodes]
Haven't we had enough?
[Soldat grunting]
[shrieks]
[Soldat chuckles]
All right,
let's press the attack as well.
-I thought you'd never ask!
-[Patrice grunts]
[RUDEUS]
Is it over?
[sighs]
Huh?
Hey there!
I'm Timothy of Counter Arrow.
Thank you-- [grunts]
You got a lot of nerve
giving me that dopey smile
after you tried
to swipe our prey.
Are you joking?
We didn't know anyone else
was working a job down here!
I announced it
in front of the entire Guild!
[SUZANNE]
Well, it's news to us!
Oh.
Do you know something
about this, Rudeus?
[RUDEUS]
Well, come to think of it,
he did mention something
about a job at the Guild hall
the other day.
I think
they were going to exterminate
a Snow Drake infestation
in Ilbron Cave.
In Ilbron Cave?
That's a day and a half away
from here!
-These are the Galgau Ruins!
-[Timothy grunts]
-Suzanne, please, it's fine.
-[sighs]
You okay, Timothy?
How's your face feeling?
I'm fine.
He was kind enough
to take it easy on me.
Sara, lower your bow, please.
[Sara grunts]
[TIMOTHY]
I think I see what happened.
This castle was once the base
for a Demon King,
with tunnels branching off
to who-knows-where.
Maybe one of them opened up
between the ruins and the cave.
So what, you're saying
you came out here
-on a different job?
-[TIMOTHY] That's right.
You can confirm this
with the Guild
when you return to town
if you like.
[scoffs]
Well, sorry for punching you
out of nowhere, then.
That's all right.
We both misunderstood
the situation.
I'm sorry we had to run
into each other.
Well, I don't care
how many you killed,
these Drakes
were still our prey.
We'll let you claim one corpse,
but that's it,
you understand me?
[TIMOTHY]
Yes, of course.
Okay then,
let's gather up our scales
and head on back to town.
We can celebrate together
once we get there.
[PATRICE]
You got it, boss.
I need a drink after this.
Hey, Rudeus, you should come
to the afterparty for once.
Huh?
[SUZANNE]
Well then. Cheers!
[ALL]
Cheers!
[gulping and sighs]
Feels good
to have made it out of that mess
without losing anyone,
though it was pretty close
for a minute, there.
Yeah, you got really lucky,
Rudeus.
[RUDEUS]
Was that luck?
It felt more like
you guys rescued me.
[SARA] Yeah,
and you're lucky that we did.
Most parties would've left you
to die out there.
Well, I'm grateful.
Don't thank me.
You should be thanking
Timothy and Suzanne,
they deserve all the credit.
Oh, you say that now,
but you're the one
who rushed back in
before any of us.
You insisted
that we could save him!
-[bangs]
-[SARA] Shut up, Suzanne!
You helped us out last time
with the Grizzlies,
so I wanted to return the favor.
I don't like
being in anyone's debt,
and that's all there is to it!
In any case,
we made it back in one piece,
and got plenty of cash!
That's my kind of job!
[all laugh]
Although, shame
we had to run into that jerk.
Would've been even better
if we hadn't.
[sighs]
[MIMIR] Yeah, being
the toughest party in the Guild
made them pretty insufferable.
[PATRICE] I wish they'd stick
to their damn labyrinths.
[SUZANNE] And that jackass
calls himself a party leader?
[RUDEUS]
I can't help but wonder
if Paul was like that
when he was younger.
[both laughing]
Huh?
[Soldat chuckling]
[SOLDAT]
Hey.
What do you want?
I was all worked up
back in the cave,
so I thought I'd come
set things straight
with you people.
I didn't know what was going on
and I kind of screwed up.
So I guess
what I'm trying to say,
ugh, that was my bad,
or whatever.
-But that said!
-[yelps]
Your face just pisses me off,
man.
Always grinning like an idiot,
and then you just let a guy
punch you like that?
Didn't even argue or nothing,
you're just
all smiles and bruises,
and I hate that shit!
Sometimes, a man's gotta fight!
You feel me?
Well, yes, perhaps you're right.
Suzanne often tells me
I'm too passive.
I'll remember that.
[chuckles]
Good, yeah, you remember that.
[SOLDAT]
[sighs] Now. Quagmire.
Yes?
Tim here's one thing,
but I can't stand your ass, kid.
You got this weird,
people-pleasey attitude,
-but no one's buying it.
-[sighs]
[SOLDAT] Yeah,
and that creepy grin of yours
makes me sick!
Maybe you think that's a smile,
but it ain't.
Try a little harder!
We can see the contempt
in your eyes!
-Who do you think you are, huh?
-[Rudeus gasps]
-Come on, Sol. Give it a rest--
-Let go of me!
Look at him, his dumb face,
pouty cry mouth,
you're the saddest boy
in the world!
I don't know what happened
to you, Quagmire,
but you're depressing!
So you can either learn
to man up
and face your stupid problems,
or get the hell out of my Guild!
[wind rushing]
[RUDEUS] I didn't realize
I bothered you so much.
I'll do my best to stay out
of your sight from now on.
-[SOLDAT] Oh, bullshit!
-[crashes]
What is that supposed to mean?
-Are you trying to piss me off?
-[Rudeus gasps]
Is it fun for you,
acting like a martyr
all the time,
or acting like you're too good
for money?
We all need cash to survive,
you brat!
That's enough, Sol.
Go sleep this off.
Ah, shut up.
Let me go, Konrad.
Listen, Quagmire!
If you hate your life so much,
drop dead!
At least then I won't have
to see your stupid face again!
I'm so sick of your shit.
Ugh, that guy is the worst.
[sighs]
[door creaking]
Hm? [sighs]
[SOLDAT] Aw,
waiting for cheap jobs again?
I have my reasons
for doing this.
[SOLDAT]
Well, I bet your reasons suck.
You half-ass everything
you ever do, don't you?
[scoffs]
[door creaking]
[RUDEUS]
Hello.
Oh, it's Rudeus.
[RUDEUS]
Is something wrong?
[sighs]
It's Mimir and Sara.
[gasps]
Are they okay?
They're both dead.
[RUDEUS]
Oh, I...
[TIMOTHY]
No.
Mimir is dead,
but Sara just got separated.
If we leave now, we may
still be able to find her.
If we try to go back out
right now in this blizzard,
we'll die
long before we ever find her.
We shouldn't have left.
I shouldn't have made the call.
[SUZANNE]
We all agreed to run.
We're equally responsible, okay?
[RUDEUS]
Um, where did you lose her?
[SUZANNE]
In Trier Forest, to the west.
The blizzard blinded us,
and then a herd of Snow Buffalo
attacked.
[RUDEUS]
I see.
That must have been awful.
But I should be going.
[door creaking]
[raging]
[rushing]
[SOLDAT]
Well, I bet your reasons suck.
You half-ass everything
you ever do, don't you?
[RUDEUS]
Maybe he was right.
What the hell am I doing
out here alone?
Stroking my own ego?
Of course I want to find Sara,
but I don't think I even care
if she's alive or dead.
Maybe I just want to take action
and have something
to show for it.
Get a result. Any result.
Or maybe I wanted
to actively make the choice
not to abandon someone.
The way Eris abandoned me.
That could be all there is
to it.
[crashing]
[whimpers]
[RUDEUS]
But... what if I do find her?
[crashing]
[RUDEUS]
I don't know.
Maybe
I shouldn't get my hopes up.
I'm not going to accomplish
anything here.
How could I?
[clattering]
[gasps]
Is that Mimir?
[gasps and retches]
[coughing and panting]
Where's Sara?
[gasps]
[Rudeus gasps]
[Rudeus sighs]
[blazing]
[RUDEUS] It's not like
Sara and I were close
or anything.
But, she hadn't been nearly
as prickly lately.
I bet we could have been
friends, eventually.
[gasps and grunts]
[crackles]
[whooshing]
Sara! [grunts]
[grunting]
Sara! Sara!
[pants]
[grunts]
[splashing and bubbling]
-[splashing]
-[breathes deeply]
[panting]
[whimpers]
[RUDEUS]
Sara. Sara!
[SARA]
Who's there?
[RUDEUS]
It's Rudeus.
[SARA]
Rudeus?
I'm here to save you.
[raging]
[gasps]
[SARA]
Okay, now, do you mind?
Nope, go ahead.
Thank you very much.
[SARA] What are you
thanking me for,
weirdo?
There's nothing wrong
with your leg, still, is there?
Uh-uh. It's fine.
It doesn't even hurt now.
All good.
[RUDEUS]
Well, if you're sure.
I just feel like something
is off.
I told you, everything is fine.
Oh.
But you being here alone
is kind of weird, I guess.
[RUDEUS]
Uh, well, you know.
Your party mentioned
you were missing, so...
What? Are they all okay?
[RUDEUS]
Mimir is dead.
[SARA]
Oh.
You ready to head back to town?
[SARA]
Mm.
-[SARA] Listen.
-[RUDEUS] Hm?
[gasps]
I'm really glad,
you came to rescue me.
[chuckles]
[RUDEUS]
And just like that,
something inside me
clicked together.
I feel like I've been forgiven
for everything
I've done and been.
In a way, I sort of feel like
Sara just saved me.
[SARA]
Suzanne!
-[SUZANNE] Sara?
-[Sara sighs]
You had me so worried.
We were just setting out
to go look for you again.
It's okay. Rudeus rescued me.
Did you--
Did you set out by yourself
after we told you
what happened last night?
Well, I-- Yeah...
Do you have any idea
how reckless that was?
How would we have felt
if you died out there?
Suzanne! You don't have to
put it like that, jeez!
No, I suppose
you're right about that.
I'm not exactly myself
right now.
Rudeus, I apologize.
I should have started by saying
thank you for saving her.
Sorry.
[Timothy sighs]
[TIMOTHY]
Rudeus.
I'm grateful.
I mean that with all I am.
[Rudeus gasps]
[TIMOTHY]
If there's any way at all
we can repay you,
just name it.
[RUDEUS] Please,
you don't need to thank me.
You've done so much
to help me already, honest.
[RUDEUS]
And I mean that too.
Counter Arrow has been there
for me
since the second
we stepped foot in this town.
They don't owe me a thing.
If you like, we can just say
this makes us even, okay?
Really?
If you insist.
But if you need us,
we'll always be around.
Okay. And hey,
the same goes for you guys.
[gasps]
[sighs]
[RUDEUS]
I ought to go home.
[TIMOTHY]
Okay. I'll walk you there.
[SARA]
Rudeus!
I'll see you later.
Make sure
you get some rest today.
[RUDEUS]
Time for a break.
I think I earned it.
I feel like I can sleep soundly
for the first time in ages.